Added root README.md (#601)
ros2/demos: README.md

## **What Is This?**

> This repository contains code implementations mentioned in the official ROS 2 documentation [Tutorials](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Tutorials.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains source code for demos mentioned in the official ROS 2 documentation [Tutorials](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Tutorials.html).
```

Author: Done.
